Add keyAfter method to Java bindings (#2458)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes.rst

Bindings
--------

> * Java: Introduced ``keyAfter`` utility API, that can be used to create immediate next key for a given byte array. `(PR #2458) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/2458>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Java: Introduced ``keyAfter`` utility function that can be used to create the immediate next key for a given byte array. `(PR #2458) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/2458>`_
```
